(All the characters, organizations, places, and happenings...)
(in this drama are all fake and are not based on a true story.)
How can you even call yourself a human being?
Since when did you know that...
Kim Jong Sam is your son?
I'm whose son?
What kind of nonsense is that?
- Are you sure he's his son? - It's probably true.
I'm here to warn you.
I'm going to take you down myself.
The nail clippings from Odong Blowfish House belongs to Ms. Hong.
And the extra DNA found on it was confirmed as Lee Kwang Ho's.
Here's Jang Pil Sung's weakness. Use this to make him confess that...
he killed Chairman Jin on Lee Kwang Ho's orders,
and record that.
Where's Jang Pil Sung? We were told that someone from our team took him.
Your daughter who's currently studying abroad in Australia...
You sent her abroad after forging her academic background.
You jerk. What do you want?
Talk. Who ordered you to murder Chairman Jin Jung Gil?
What are you doing?
Why would an officer want something that has no legal force?
I'm going to quit my job. I just handed in my resignation.
What are you talking about?
I'm Lee Kwang Ho's biological son.
What are you thinking?
I've been collecting evidence related to Lee Kwang Ho.
I'm going to release it to the media.
Mr. Cha's notebook, evidence from Odong Blowfish House,
and Jang Pil Sung's statement.
Add this. It proves that he also murdered Gook Su Ran's son.
They contacted the press? There's Jang Pil Sung.
A Korean police chief was involved in a murder.
They can go with that.
One more thing. Kill Kim Jong Sam right away.
I need one of you to take care of someone.
If we hear that you got arrested,
the other person will be released.
- Who do I need to kill? - Kim Jong Sam.
Jong Sam!
Chul Gi.
Chul Gi!
- Chul Gi. - Jong...
Jong Sam.
Chul Gi...
Chul Gi! Wake up!
Chul Gi!
(Ambulance)
(Operating Room)
You must wait out here.
(Kang Chul Gi, in operation)
(In Surgery)
Il Seung.
What's going on? What did the doctor say?
They'll know for sure after the surgery.
Right. He needs surgery.
Gosh.
Are you okay?
- Yes. - Good.
Right. Everything is fine.
Chul Gi will get better quickly.
- Inspector Park. - Yes?
What about General Manager Kwak?
He confessed at the scene.
It's clear that it wasn't an accident,
so our team will take care of the case.
Let's sit down and wait.
(Episode 37)
So you stepped on the gas instead of the brake...
by mistake.
And the one you were after was Officer Oh.
Do you expect us to believe that?
Why did you do it?
Were you really trying to kill Officer Oh?
Please save someone first.
What?
Who?
- Assistant Manager Ki. - Assistant Manager Ki?
He's been abducted. He's probably still held as captive.
Why are you asking us to save him?
Didn't you forget what you've done?
Isn't that what the police does?
Save people, and help people.
Assistant Manager Ki has been abducted.
- We don't know what'll happen. - So tell us everything.
If you tell us everything, we'll go save him.
Let's go get Assistant Manager Ki first.
What are you saying?
He might be tricking us.
If it's urgent, he's going to confess first.
Whether he's tricking us or not,
a man's life might be at stake.
If we try to make a deal now,
we are no different from them.
This is why it's so hard to be a police officer.
Even if he's the worst criminal, we have to save him.
Even if we get tricked, we have to go.
Gosh.
So where is he?
It's hard to explain. We have to go together.
(Interrogation Room)
Sergeant Kim. You should've told me sooner.
You haven't been home early in so long.
I felt bad about calling you.
It doesn't matter.
Are you going to be okay? Just the two of you?
I'll go to the office then.
Call me if anything happens.
Okay. Bye.
I thought it was strange how you came home so early.
Why do you have so much work?
Mom. I have to go.
Can't you just quit?
You already caught the one who killed your dad.
You became a cop to find the murderer, so...
Mom. This isn't the time to talk about that.
I have to go.
- Bye. - Be careful.
Gosh. Why isn't it working?
Why can't I break lose?
General Manager...
Knife... Won't you put it away?
I'm not scared. Where's General Manager Kwak?
Stop it. Don't do it.
What?
Move.
Okay. Sure.
- What are you doing? Let's go. - Okay.
Hey! Stop!
General Manager Kwak.
- I'll take care of this. Wait. - We have no time for that.
- Are you okay? - Yes.
- Run away. Quickly. - Pardon?
Who will help Chairwoman Gook if you get caught too?
- You can't be caught. - No.
Chairwoman Gook has to do something, so I can too.
- Run away. - Let's go together.
There's no time. Hurry.
Hurry up!
Hang in there. I'll find a way.
Okay. Run away.
Go!
Hey. Where's Assistant Manager Ki?
Gosh.
I had a bad feeling about this.
He really ran away.
I knew it.
I was stupid to think we were on the same side.
Sergeant Kim. It's too dark, and the place is too big.
I don't know what's where.
That's why it's a hide out.
It's his home ground.
You can't possibly catch him.
Just shut it.
Anyway, where's Assistant Manager Ki?
What a traitor! Why didn't you run away too?
I would've loved to.
You should be thankful that I didn't escape.
- Let's just go. - Gosh.
(Operating Room)
It's not your fault.
I know.
I should kill...
General Manager Kwak and Lee Kwang Ho who instigated it.
We aren't sure if Lee Kwang Ho actually ordered him.
Don't make an assumption.
It was General Manager Kwak,
so it could've been Chairwoman Gook.
- How is he? - The worst is over.
The surgery went well.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
It'll take time for him to regain consciousness.
We also need to watch his progress.
Please be patient and wait.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
What did I tell you?
Chul Gi will wake up. He's a strong guy.
I'll go...
get some fresh air.
You'll be right back, won't you?
Wait. I'll come with you.
We can't both go. One of us should stay.
Come right back after you get some fresh air.
Don't go anywhere else. Don't cause any trouble.
Why are you here? Why didn't you stay in the office?
It felt stuffy. Where is Assistant Manager Ki?
- Hey. - You.
Let me go!
Who was it? Who made you?
Who made you do it?
Isn't it obvious?
You're running around trying to take him down.
Lee Kwang Ho wouldn't stay put, would he?
Was he really the one?
Yes. Then who else?
Chairwoman Gook was frustrated because she couldn't get him.
That's why she decided to join forces with you.
Let's go.
You need to calm down.
I'm going to kill you if anything bad happens to Chul Gi.
I'm going to kill you!
Officer Oh! Hey!
Let's go.
What's your name?
I'm sorry.
I never meant to push you.
Is that all you're sorry about?
Help me find my necklace before you go.
I lost it when I fell down earlier.
It's a gift I got from my dad.
It's really important to me.
You can leave, but help me find it first.
What are you doing?
Look for it with me.
Did you hurt yourself?
Let's find your necklace.
So...
So what are you going to do now?
I think we should step aside and see how things turn out.
What good is that going to do?
General Manager Kwak got arrested, and we lost Assistant Manager Ki.
We've lost control of Gook Su Ran, so she's going to do what she wants.
And Kim Jong Sam is probably furious since he knows he was the target.
So how can I just sit back and see how things go?
Then what do you think about going abroad for a while?
You can say you're going to look into the trend of virtual money.
Or you could say you got invited for a lecture.
Have you gone mad?
Then who's going to get the money?
Tunisia is already upset because...
they're not sure if we're going to accept their waste or not.
But if we even delay the schedule of receiving their money,
this deal will get canceled!
And we already received some money. What are we going to do about that?
How can you even think about telling me to go abroad in this situation?
I'm sorry, sir. I didn't think that far.
You're running for the by-election to seal the deal with Tunisia.
How can you not think that far?
I apologize, sir.
Nothing else matters.
Just do whatever you can to put things back to normal.
Make the police back off.
Make sure Gook Su Ran can't act out.
And get rid of Kim Jong Sam!
Yes, sir. I'll do my best.
I don't need your best! I just need results!
Yes, sir.
[VIU Ver] E37 Doubtful Victory "I Want to Kill Him"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Chairwoman Gook. Chairwoman Gook.
- What happened? - I escaped.
I came to see you as soon as I escaped.
Please help General Manager Kwak.
He really didn't have any other choice.
What are you talking about?
Pardon?
The fact that he tried to kill Kim Jong Sam.
But please know that he never meant to betray you.
He only did that to save me.
So did he kill Kim Jong Sam?
I don't think so.
He got caught by the Hidden Crime Team.
Chairwoman Gook, please help him.
So you're saying that...
General Manager Kwak is locked up, and you managed to escape.
He failed to kill Kim Jong Sam, and you both got out.
Lee Kwang Ho must be in a pickle.
But...
why did he suddenly want Kim Jong Sam dead?
The person he'd want to kill the most right now should be me.
Hey, forget it. Let's stop looking.
I said, forget it.
I'm sorry.
I'll accept your apology for now.
Is there anything else you should apologize to me for?
Are you sorry that you're Lee Kwang Ho's son?
Because he's the guy who gave orders to kill my dad?
You fool. Why would you be sorry about that?
Don't be sorry.
It doesn't matter. He doesn't even treat you like his own son.
Listen to me carefully.
Not all biological fathers deserve to be fathers.
So just forget it, and ignore him. Just like he does to you.
I want to ignore him.
But I seriously want to kill him,
so I can't.
Even I want to kill him,
so I'm sure it'll be worse for you.
Let's catch him together. I'll help you.
I'll take care of it myself.
Were you not listening to me?
I'm not trying to catch him because of you.
I want to kill him too.
He's the one who killed my dad.
I also have a reason to catch him and lock him up.
It's too dangerous.
It's just as dangerous for you.
Help me.
Help me lock Lee Kwang Ho up...
so that I can take revenge on behalf of my dad.
Okay.
You promised, okay?
And stop ignoring me from now on.
That's being pathetic.
Okay. I won't.
How's Detective Kang? Is he okay now?
Hey, you're here.
You must be tired.
No, I'm fine.
- Did you eat? - Yes, I did.
I need to go to the National Police Agency.
So please stay here for a while.
I'll be right back. My team members might come,
so please stay here at least until then.
- I'll be right back. - Okay.
Gosh, I'm so glad to see you.
We might become best friends soon.
How much of Detective Kang's information did you gather?
Why do you always get straight to the point?
You should know how to joke around a little...
and relax.
Do you have enough...
to catch Lee Kwang Ho?
Not yet.
I can see where the money's going.
But I can't seem to find who this person is.
Every time he makes a bank account under someone else's name,
this guy's name pops up.
But I can't get a grasp of who he is.
Detective Kang would've been able to find him right away.
- Mr. Kang... - I already heard.
I called him earlier because of this.
But Inspector Park picked up instead.
He needs to wake up quickly for my sake.
Do you want to get Lee Kwang Ho fast?
Then try to shake Chairwoman Gook up.
The testimony I got from Jang Pil Sung is sloppy,
and these Macao transaction records...
can't be investigated without Detective Kang.
Right now...
Chairwoman Gook is the quickest solution.
Haven't you been working with Chairwoman Gook?
Well, when we found the remains,
she seemed like she was going to confess everything.
But now she's quiet like she's been tied down.
Don't just stand there.
Go and see what's going on.
Let me know if it looks like she'd blow something up.
The bomb explodes best when a prosecutor is involved.
Got it?
He'd never tell, right?
Probably not.
If he tells, it's attempted murder. If he doesn't, it's an accident.
He wouldn't tell easily.
I...
told Officer Oh...
that it was Lee Kwang Ho.
Was he here?
Yes. He came and beat General Manager Kwak up.
Of course.
Still, he must've been hurt.
Because he found out that his real father...
ordered someone to kill him.
He's not even human.
Regardless of the situation, Jong Sam is still his son.
That scumbag.
You can't come in here as you please.
Where's security?
Is coming to a police agency such a difficult thing to do?
No, it's not.
But you're the suspect of Prosecutor Joo's murder.
Are you here to confess?
Why are you here?
- General Manager Kwak. - What about him?
Won't you get his statement?
We'll take care of that.
That's your wishful thinking.
You can record it. Just give me five minutes.
I'll be frank.
Neither the chief director of NIS nor I...
can save you.
Pardon?
The chief director washed his hands of this matter,
and I...
need to get Lee Kwang Ho first.
Chairwoman Gook. Are you discarding me?
No. I'm just doing what I've always done.
Making a sacrifice for the great cause.
That's our inviolable rule.
What do you want from me?
Tell the truth.
Say that Lee Kwang Ho instigated murder.
What if I won't?
I'll have to reveal how much you've done...
for the great cause over the years.
You'll get hurt too.
I wouldn't have come all the way here without knowing that.
Just tell the facts.
(Recording)
Say what Lee Kwang Ho ordered you to do.
You can confess all the details to the officers here.
What about Assistant Manager Ki?
Assistant Manager Ki? Whatever you wish.
Okay.
(Interrogation Room)
Thanks for your cooperation.
You can go in and get his confession.
You make the police look so incompetent.
The police isn't incompetent.
The law...
and the principle are.
The law and the principle can be ignored...
if you have power and money.
Those times are over already.
So you will be going to jail...
following the law and the principle.
Who is this?
(Erim Food)
Good. You're here. Follow me.
This is a document regarding the bribe given to Manager Lee...
from the NIS.
And this is a document regarding corporate slush funds.
(Slush Fund Document)
Combined with my testimony,
the rumors will become facts.
So you can charge him for bribery without a problem.
What about the other crimes?
Once the court turns its back on Manager Lee,
the Odong Blowfish House murder case...
and Chairman Jin's murder case...
will all be reinvested.
The statute of limitations is a problem.
Still, his morality will get a huge blow.
Plus,
I have General Manager Kwak's testimony that...
he instigated your murder.
Let's release the 100-million-dollar slush funds first.
Chairwoman Gook. I'll take care of him.
I guess I came here too late.
But not too late.
Everything I need is still here.
What are you doing?
Can't you see what's going on?
I think these people already know...
how the table has turned.
Are you really going to do this?
The employees know very well...
who the real owner of this company is.
I'll get going now.
Stop right there, An Tae Jung.
Everyone get out. You too.
Put those down.
Go tell Lee Kwang Ho that everything is over.
Assistant Manager Ki.
What are you doing? Escort this man out.
Okay.
Did you get a good look?
Who knows?
You might really want to kill someone.
Manager Lee can never know about what happened.
- Yes, sir. - Chairwoman Gook has gone berserk.
We need to persuade Kim Jong Sam.
Sign this. It's over.
I guess she has no sense of honor.
All the frustration I had has been washed away.
I feel bad for you.
Be quiet.
Okay. I will if you sign with your thumbprint here.
Okay.
What are you doing?
It's time for a tour of your holding cell.
(Episode 38 will air shortly.)